marco gather for their annual rat
males must fight for the right to breed
but on these sheer cliffs any slip by
either animal could be fatal
[Applause]
a Snow Leopard the rarest of Himalayan
animals it's a female returning to her
lair
[Music]
these are the first intimate images of
Snow Leopard ever filmed in the world
[Music]
she greets her one-year-old cop
her den is well chosen it has
exceptional views of the surrounding
cliffs on these treacherous slopes no
hunter other than the snow leopard would
have a chance of catching such agile
prey
[Music]
a female with young makes an easier
target
[Music]
a large pores give an excellent grip and
that long tail helps her balance
[Music]
silently she positions herself above her
Prairie
[Music]
[Applause]